*Work in progress*

This is a proof of concept prototype which implements a URI sharing mechanism
for Dropbox shared folders. In a team environment you often want to share links
to items in shared folders but Dropbox makes this task pretty annoying. You
have to manually type or copy and paste paths in emails or via IM and then
manually navigate to the item of interest.

Design goals

  - Sender should be able to navigate to a shared folder, select a sub-set of
    items (files and folders) and be able share a set of links via Gmail.

  - Reciever should be able to click on a link and securely be navigated to the
    matching item independent of how he/she has mounted the shared folder.

After installation you can right-click on an item (or multiple ones) in a
shared folder, navigate to the "Send To" menu and select "Copy Dropbox
URI". This will place HTML URIs which you can paste in emails or share via
IM. Team-members who have installed the program will be able to click on a link
and a new Explorer/Finder window will open with the item selected. By not
opening the item automatically we trade security for some clutter (multiple
windows will open) and speed (hitting RETURN is pretty fast though).

The prototype currently only works on Windows, an OS X port is planned if there
is interest. I would be very happy if the Dropbox team implemented something
similar, especially since they've released the Team product for which this
would be awesome. Feel free to steal the idea :)

Disclaimer: I don't want to distribute binaries for public usage unless the
Dropbox teams is OK with this. Read the code (not that complicated) and decide
for yourself if you want to use this.

Installation:

  Build and copy the platform wapper library "platform.dll" to the same folder
  as the main.py script. You can optionally install Py2Exe and build an
  executable, the program does however work perfectly fine using the Python
  interpreter if you have it installed (Win32/64 Python 2.7).

  From an admin prompt run:

  python main.py [/install] [/uninstall]

  OR

  dropbox.exe [/install] [/uninstall]

Usage:

  - Right-click on an item in a shared folder, navigate to the "Send To" menu
    and select "Copy Dropbox URI". Links are generated and placed in the
    clipboard.

  - Paste the clipboard content in Gmail or your IM client.

  - Clicking on a Dropbox link (URI) will open a new Explorer/Finder windows
    which has the item selected.

Techincal:

The prototype should handle shared folders properly as it creates the URI by
combining the namespace ID from the mount_table and a relative path for the
item. During lookup the full path is simply reconstructed from the namespace
and relative path. Unicode paths should also be handled correctly.
